a four minute workout that replaces one
hour in the gym an exhausting workout in
the gym doesn't suit everyone and let's
be honest sometimes we have no time for
it however this is not an exercise to
avoid exercise quick interval training
is really effective due to its high pace
a large number of calories is burned in
a short period let's try these five
simple exercises that will take you just
5 minutes you don't even need a
stopwatch
I'll count for you so you can perform
the whole set while watching the video
exercise number one squats
place your feet shoulder-width apart or
slightly wider start crouching down
pulling the pelvis back as if you want
to sit on a chair crouch as low as
possible keeping your back straight
return to the initial position straining
the leg and butt muscles you need to
repeat this simple exercise for only 60
seconds let's give it a try
here's your minute losing weight in such
problem areas as the legs buttocks and
hips is probably the most prevalent
issue in fitness the beginner level
exercises like squats are pretty
effective and beneficial if you perform
this exercise regularly every day your
whole body will transform within a month
[Music]
for this easy exercise you don't need
special equipment or gym membership you
can perform it just about anywhere
how are you doing there
[Music]
only a few seconds left five four three
two one
well done let's move on to the next one
exercise number two push-ups
take the plank position with your arms
straight your hands should be
shoulder-width apart and knees shoulders
and feet are in one line slowly start
lowering your body bending your arms and
keeping elbows close to your body return
to the initial position for a start you
should perform the exercise for at least
30 seconds
are you ready here's your half minute
[Music]
this exercise greatly works the pectoral
muscles and triceps if you're new to
push-ups begin by doing them on your
knees or while resting against a chair
or sofa
[Music]
how many can you do today let's do ten
more one two
three four five six seven eight nine ten
that's it great job exercise three
mountain climber the starting position
is the same as in the previous exercise
Tincher abs lift the right leg and pull
it to your chest your back and hips must
be stiff go back to the initial position
and do the same for the left leg this
exercise takes about 30 seconds take
your time and watch your posture
[Music]
this exercise will strengthen your
stomach muscles and help you burn
calories don't push yourself too hard
if you feel exhausted pause the video
and take a break I guess you need more
intensive music for this exercise right
[Music]
here you go
[Applause]
exercise number four lunges
[Music]
place your feet shoulder-width apart
and hands at the waist take a big step
forward with your left foot the left
should form at a right angle and the
right knee should almost touch the floor
go back to the starting position with a
push from the forward leg repeat the
exercise with your right leg this
exercise requires only one minute ready
go place your feet shoulder-width apart
hands are at the waist take a step
forward with your left foot now go back
to the starting position and repeat the
exercise with your right leg then do it
for the left leg again then for the
right one left
right
left
left again and the right one keep going
until the time runs out when doing this
exercise it's very important to keep
your back straight
[Music]
are you done okay here's the last one
exercise number five jumps place your
arms beside your body jump up while
spreading your legs to the sides and
raising your arms above your head go to
the initial position with a quick jump
forty-five seconds is enough for this
exercise take the initial position relax
your shoulder and neck and get ready now
go
this exercise called jumping jacks forms
a part of military training in the USA
as it improves physical and aerobic
endurance
[Music]
are you feeling your muscles burn that
means you're doing it right
keep jumping for the remaining time the
workout should make you feel energized
but not exhausted so don't overdo it in
the beginning today you did your muscles
a huge favor here's a summary of the
workout that might be handy for you
squats 60 seconds push-ups 30 seconds
mountain climber 30 seconds lunges 60
seconds jumps 45 seconds keep performing
this set of exercises every day at home
or in your backyard and your body will
transform within a month you've already
taken the first step toward your dream
body have you ever tried these exercises
before how do they work for you share
your experience in the comments below
don't forget to hit the like button and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life